Product functions:
	This system would allow different user types to navigate around the University of Pretoria's main campus grounds.
	This system would include three different types of users, namely: a student; a staff member and a visitor. All three
	users of the system would be able search for specific buildings and receive a guided path from their current position 
	to the searched area. The student and staff member users would both be able to search for events happening on 
	the main campus grounds and be able to save their searched areas for quick searches in future use. The system
	will also have restricted areas so as not to lead users through restricted areas. Popular areas, such as the food court,
	will be ready to choose options making them easier and quicker to find. Emergency gathering areas will also be highlighted
	and highly visible to all users.

User characteristics:
	There will be three user types, the student; the staff member and the visitor. All users will be able to access
	the basic functionalities of the system. They will be all be able to search for a location on the main campus 
	of University of Pretoria.

	A visitor user will be limited to searching for their conference or building that they
	require as the rest of the functionality will be of no interest to them. 

	The student user will have access to basic finctionality of the system but will reeive push notifications of special events on
	campus such as a conference on the field of study or a club performing a showcase. This functionality will be 
	customizable for each user to choose the interests.
	
	The staff member user will receive basic access to the system along with routes to restricted areas, upcoming conference
	locations and special events on campus.

Constraints:
	The accuracy of this system will be limited as there is not Wi-Fi signal across the entire main campus. Most of the
	system's functionalities will be unavailable without internet access for the user. This is particularily problematic
	near the gates of the campus as the user will have to use their own internet connections.

	To detect the traffic density on campus, most people on campus will have to be connected and their location trcked.
	This becomes problematic when users are not connected as the traffic density will become inaccurate. Another potential
	problem with this is the strain the users will put on the system when many users are on campus simultaneously.

	This system will also rely on the University of Pretoia's calendar which require the calendar be up to date constantly.
	It will also require the organisers of conferences and showcases to input their respective events so that they can be showed 
	on the system. The problem here lies in that organisers may not input their events and so users will not becoe aware
	of them.
	
Assumptions and dependencies:
	In order for this system to function properly we will have to make a few assumptions about the users on the system.
	Firstly we are assuming that every user has a smartphone or tablet capable of running this system readily available to them.
	We are also assuming that they will access to internet on a constant connection.
	
	We have also assumened that they are IT literate and thus able to make use of the system. This assumption is however
	neccesary in order to make this system.

	We are assuming that all users will remain connected to the system once on campus grounds for the detection of the 
	traffic density calculations.

	This system will rely on several aspects being functional. It relies on the Wi-Fi routers being spread across campus
	grounds; that every user remains connected once on campus; that the hardware needed to run the system is in fact capable
	of doing so.

	This system also relies on users having adaquete devices capable of running the system. Another depencies is that the users
	input their interests so that relevant events are shown to them.

	The final assumption that we are making is that all university events as well as the university calendar is up to date so as to 
	correctly display only current events of the day.